City Name:                    Latitude:      Longitude:     Population:    Dot Size:      Color:         
evanston,wy                   41.33          111.0                         4              cyan           
rockland,me                   44.07          69.12                         4              purple         
rawlins,wy                    41.8           107.2                         4              cyan           
sanford,fl                    28.78          81.25                         4              purple         
red bluff,ca                  40.15          122.25                        4              deep pink      
big spring,tx                 32.3           101.45                        4              deep pink      
tupelo,ms                     34.27          88.77                         4              purple         
salida,co                     38.53          106.05                        4              deep pink      
beaumont,ca                   33.93          116.95                        4              deep pink      
pt arguello,ca                34.95          121.12                        4              deep pink      
hawthorne,nv                  38.55          118.63                        4              cyan           
chattanooga,tn                35.03          85.2           171350         6              gold           
high island,la                28.13          94.4                          4              gold           
palm springs,ca               33.83          116.5                         4              deep pink      
monteagle,tn                  35.15          85.51                         4              gold           
chase nas,tx                  28.37          97.67                         4              deep pink      
torrance,ca                   33.8           118.33         140317         6              deep pink      
garden city,ks                37.93          100.72                        4              cyan           
missoula,mt                   46.92          114.08                        4              gold           
hot springs,va                37.95          79.82                         4              cyan           
blanding,ut                   38.03          109.78                        4              purple         
new haven,ct                  41.27          72.9           123330         6              deep pink      
salem,il                      38.63          88.96                         4              cyan           
du page,il                    41.92          88.25                         4              cyan           
aberdeen,sd                   45.45          98.43                         4              purple         
challis,id                    44.52          114.22                        4              deep pink      
twin falls,id                 42.48          114.48                        4              deep pink      
massena,ny                    44.93          74.85                         4              purple         
new york/lga,ny               40.77          73.9                          4              purple         
beaver falls,pa               40.75          80.33                         4              deep pink      
la junta,co                   38.05          103.52                        4              deep pink      
tustin mcas,ca                33.7           117.83                        4              deep pink      
brmfield/jef,co               39.9           105.12                        4              deep pink      
cascade,or                    45.68          121.88                        4              purple         
kelly afb,tx                  29.38          98.58                         4              deep pink      
rockport,tx                   28.08          97.03                         4              deep pink      
san luis obi,ca               35.23          120.65                        4              deep pink      
bowling gren,ky               36.97          86.43                         4              deep pink      
brookings,sd                  44.3           96.8                          4              purple         
mojave,ca                     35.05          118.15                        4              deep pink      
klamath fall,or               42.15          121.73                        4              purple         
buckley,co                    39.72          104.75                        4              deep pink      
maxwell afb,al                32.38          86.37                         4              cyan           
fort belvoir,va               38.72          77.18                         4              cyan           
grants,nm                     35.17          107.9                         4              cyan           
ann arbor,mi                  42.22          83.75          112920         6              deep pink      
danville,va                   36.57          79.33                         4              cyan           
gallup/clark,nm               35.52          108.78                        4              cyan           
ft riley,ks                   39.05          96.77                         4              cyan           
philip,sd                     44.05          101.6                         4              purple         
brainerd-crw,mn               46.4           94.13                         4              cyan           
air force a,co                39.52          105.35                        4              deep pink      
bremerton,wa                  47.48          122.77                        4              cyan           
quantico mca,va               38.5           77.3                          4              cyan           
olathe,ks                     38.85          94.9           121962         6              cyan           
mobridge,sd                   45.53          100.43                        4              purple         
muskegon,mi                   43.17          86.25                         4              deep pink      
parkersburg,wv                39.35          81.43                         4              gold           
teterboro,nj                  40.85          74.05                         4              gold           
chesapeake,va                 37.5           76.2           222455         7              cyan           
fayetteville,ar               36.0           94.17                         4              cyan           
college stn,tx                30.58          96.37                         4              deep pink      
yuma mcas,az                  32.65          114.62                        4              gold           
paris/cox,tx                  33.63          95.45                         4              deep pink      
otis angb,ma                  41.65          70.52                         4              cyan           
moab,ut                       38.77          109.75                        4              purple         
janesville,wi                 42.62          89.03                         4              gold           
england afb,la                31.33          92.55                         4              gold           
latrobe,pa                    40.28          79.4                          4              deep pink      
yankton,sd                    42.92          97.38                         4              purple         
menominee,mi                  45.12          87.63                         4              deep pink      
hondo,tx                      29.35          99.17                         4              deep pink      
caribou mun,me                46.87          68.02                         4              purple         
nashua,nh                     42.78          71.52                         4              gold           
hartford,ct                   41.73          72.65          124060         6              deep pink      
mountn home,id                43.05          115.87                        4              deep pink      
new bedford,ma                41.68          70.97                         4              cyan           
palmdale,ca                   35.05          118.13         143985         6              deep pink      
moriarity,nm                  34.98          106.05                        4              cyan           
jaffrey,nh                    42.8           72.0                          4              gold           
sandburg,ca                   34.75          118.73                        4              deep pink      
aspen,co                      39.22          106.87                        4              deep pink      
north platte,ne               41.13          100.68                        4              gold           
miami/tamiami,fl              25.65          80.43                         4              purple         
tinker afb,ok                 35.42          97.38                         4              gold           
troy,al                       31.87          86.02                         4              cyan           
silver city,nm                32.63          108.17                        4              cyan           
atlanta/fltn,ga               33.78          84.52                         4              deep pink      
roosevelt,ut                  40.5           110.63                        4              purple         
san jose/rei,ca               37.33          121.82                        4              deep pink      
travis afb,ca                 38.27          121.93                        4              deep pink      
blue canyon,ca                39.28          120.7                         4              deep pink      
lubbock,tx                    33.65          101.82         225859         7              deep pink      
phillips,md                   39.47          76.17                         4              purple         
camp pendlet,ca               33.3           117.35                        4              deep pink      
oakland,ca                    37.73          122.22         409189         7              deep pink      
gunnison,co                   38.55          106.92                        4              deep pink      
guadalupe ps,tx               31.83          104.8                         4              deep pink      
centreville,al                32.9           87.25                         4              cyan           
niagara fall,ny               43.1           78.95                         4              purple         
jackson,ms                    32.32          90.08          175021         6              purple         
texarkana,ar                  33.45          94.0                          4              cyan           
ocean city,md                 38.55          75.13                         4              purple         
w palm beach,fl               26.68          80.12                         4              purple         
riverside,ca                  33.95          117.45         297841         7              deep pink      
shelter cove,ca               40.03          124.07                        4              deep pink      
ely,mn                        47.9           91.82                         4              cyan           
stampede pas,wa               47.28          121.33                        4              cyan           
jackson,mi                    42.27          84.47                         4              deep pink      
cairo,il                      37.07          89.22                         4              cyan           
manitowac,wi                  44.13          87.67                         4              gold           
naples,fl                     26.13          81.8                          4              purple         
monida,mt                     44.57          112.32                        4              gold           
vandenberg,ca                 35.2           120.95                        4              deep pink      
carlsbad,ca                   33.13          117.28                        4              deep pink      
nth philadel,pa               40.08          75.02                         4              deep pink      
nashville,tn                  36.12          86.68          605473         8              gold           
knoxville,tn                  35.82          83.98          185100         6              gold           
memphis nas,tn                35.35          89.87                         4              gold           
sherman-deni,tx               33.72          96.67                         4              deep pink      
brownwood,tx                  31.79          98.96                         4              deep pink      
las vegas,nv                  36.08          115.17         567641         8              cyan           
golden trian,ms               33.45          88.58                         4              purple         
pittsfield,ma                 42.26          73.18                         4              cyan           
boise,id                      43.57          116.22         205707         7              deep pink      
cross city,fl                 29.62          83.1                          4              purple         
austin,tx                     30.3           97.7           786386         8              deep pink      
oxnard,ca                     34.2           119.2          187535         6              deep pink      
custer,sd                     43.77          103.6                         4              purple         
sawyer afb,mi                 46.35          87.4                          4              deep pink      
abilene,tx                    32.42          99.68          117180         6              deep pink      
hobbs,nm                      32.68          103.2                         4              cyan           
mccomb,ms                     31.18          90.47                         4              purple         
vichy/rolla,mo                38.13          91.77                         4              purple         
russell,ks                    38.87          98.82                         4              cyan           
clinton,ok                    35.35          99.2                          4              gold           
ithaca,ny                     42.48          76.47                         4              purple         
presque isle,me               46.68          68.05                         4              purple         
medford,or                    42.37          122.87                        4              purple         
page,az                       36.93          111.45                        4              gold           
el dorado,ar                  33.22          92.8                          4              cyan           
corona,nm                     34.1           105.68                        4              cyan           
fort worth,tx                 32.82          97.35          727577         8              deep pink      
needles,ca                    34.77          114.62                        4              deep pink      
salmon,id                     45.17          114.47                        4              deep pink      
thompson fal,mt               47.6           115.37                        4              gold           
goodyear,az                   33.42          112.38                        4              gold           
laramie,wy                    41.32          105.68                        4              cyan           
wolf point,mt                 48.1           105.58                        4              gold           
johnstown,pa                  40.32          78.83                         4              deep pink      
the dalles,or                 45.62          121.15                        4              purple         
hobart,ok                     35.0           99.05                         4              gold           
key west nas,fl               24.57          81.68                         4              purple         
sault ste m,mi                46.47          84.37                         4              deep pink      
hunter aaf,ga                 32.02          81.15                         4              deep pink      
tonopah,nv                    38.07          117.08                        4              cyan           
worland,wy                    43.97          107.97                        4              cyan           
morgan city,la                29.7           91.2                          4              gold           
white sands,nm                32.63          106.4                         4              cyan           
pequot lake,mn                46.6           94.32                         4              cyan           
steamboat sp,co               40.48          106.82                        4              deep pink      
greenville,sc                 34.9           82.22                         4              cyan           
trenton,nj                    40.28          74.82                         4              gold           
malmstrom,mt                  47.5           111.18                        4              gold           
dallas/love,tx                32.85          96.85                         4              deep pink      
marianna,fl                   30.84          85.18                         4              purple         
lancaster,ca                  34.73          118.22         145776         6              deep pink      
grand jct,co                  39.12          108.53                        4              deep pink      
tucson,az                     32.12          110.93         543910         8              gold           
missippi can,la               28.78          89.05                         4              gold           
iron mtn,mi                   45.82          88.12                         4              deep pink      
anderson,sc                   34.5           82.72                         4              cyan           
fairmont,mn                   43.65          94.42                         4              cyan           
ypsilanti,mi                  42.23          83.53                         4              deep pink      
lake view,or                  42.18          120.35                        4              purple         
brunswick,ga                  31.15          81.38                         4              deep pink      
sarasota,fl                   27.4           82.55                         4              purple         
gadsden,al                    33.97          86.09                         4              cyan           
oxford,ms                     34.39          89.54                         4              purple         
rice lake,wi                  45.48          91.72                         4              gold           
joplin,mo                     37.17          94.5                          4              purple         
el monte,ca                   34.08          118.03         121447         6              deep pink      
athens/albany,oh              39.21          82.23                         4              cyan           
fort lauderd,fl               26.13          80.13                         4              purple         
muscle shoal,al               34.75          87.62                         4              cyan           
oceana nas,va                 36.82          76.03                         4              cyan           
gage,ok                       36.3           99.77                         4              gold           
mosinee,wi                    44.78          89.67                         4              gold           
raton,nm                      36.74          104.5                         4              cyan           
mt washingtn,nh               44.27          71.3                          4              gold           
columbus,ne                   41.45          97.35                         4              gold           
flagstaff,az                  35.13          111.67                        4              gold           
des moines,ia                 41.53          93.65          200538         7              deep pink      
salt lake ct,ut               40.78          111.97                        4              purple         
shaw afb,sc                   33.97          80.47                         4              cyan           
loring afb,me                 46.95          67.88                         4              purple         
tyler/pounds,tx               32.37          95.4                          4              deep pink      
palacios,tx                   28.72          96.25                         4              deep pink      
rutland,vt                    43.53          73.95                         4              deep pink      
lynchburg,va                  37.33          79.2                          4              cyan           
ft leavnwrth,ks               39.37          94.92                         4              cyan           
lk palourde,la                29.7           91.1                          4              gold           
col. j jabar,ks               37.75          97.22                         4              cyan           
sanderson,tx                  30.17          102.42                        4              deep pink      
rome/russell,ga               34.35          85.17                         4              deep pink      
chico,ca                      39.78          121.85                        4              deep pink      
george afb,ca                 34.58          117.38                        4              deep pink      
huntington,wv                 38.37          82.55                         4              gold           
mackall aaf,nc                35.03          79.5                          4              purple         
cedar rapids,ia               41.88          91.7           127764         6              deep pink      
norfolk nas,va                36.93          76.28                         4              cyan           
kirksville,mo                 40.1           92.55                         4              purple         
roseglen,nd                   47.75          101.83                        4              deep pink      
syracuse,ny                   43.12          76.12          138560         6              purple         
siskiyou,ca                   41.78          122.47                        4              deep pink      
glens falls,ny                43.35          73.62                         4              purple         
meridian/key,ms               32.33          88.75                         4              purple         
minot intl,nd                 48.27          101.28                        4              deep pink      
vero beach,fl                 27.65          80.42                         4              purple         
havre,mt                      48.55          109.77                        4              gold           
lebanon,nh                    43.63          72.3                          4              gold           
pendleton,or                  45.68          118.85                        4              purple         
oklahoma cty,ok               35.53          97.65                         4              gold           
lander,wy                     42.82          108.73                        4              cyan           
crestview,fl                  30.78          86.52                         4              purple         
eureka,nv                     39.5           115.97                        4              cyan           
oshkosh,wi                    44.0           88.57                         4              gold           
zanesville,oh                 39.95          81.9                          4              cyan           
wurtsmith,mi                  44.45          83.4                          4              deep pink      
rickenbacker,oh               39.82          82.93                         4              cyan           
roseburg,or                   43.23          123.37                        4              purple         
walnut ridge,ar               36.13          90.93                         4              cyan           
oak harbor,wa                 48.25          122.68                        4              cyan           
moorcroft,wy                  44.35          104.81                        4              cyan           
milford,ut                    38.72          113.03                        4              purple         
emporia,ks                    38.33          96.2                          4              cyan           
malad city,id                 42.17          112.32                        4              deep pink      
payson,az                     34.23          111.33                        4              gold           
monett,mo                     37.33          94.35                         4              purple         
cape blanco,or                43.38          124.95                        4              purple         
thermal,ca                    33.63          116.17                        4              deep pink      
lawrence,ma                   42.72          71.12                         4              cyan           
mcentire,sc                   33.92          80.8                          4              cyan           
hanksville,ut                 38.37          110.72                        4              purple         
ft collins,co                 40.58          105.08                        4              deep pink      
bistate park,il               38.57          90.15                         4              cyan           
arcata,ca                     40.98          124.1                         4              deep pink      
yuma prv gd,az                32.85          114.4                         4              gold           
pullman,wa                    46.75          117.12                        4              cyan           
jackson,tn                    35.6           88.92                         4              gold           
north bend,or                 43.42          124.25                        4              purple         
hays,ks                       38.85          99.27                         4              cyan           
volens,va                     36.95          78.98                         4              cyan           
lemmon,sd                     45.93          102.17                        4              purple         
green bay,wi                  44.48          88.13          101412         6              gold           
deming,nm                     32.25          107.7                         4              cyan           
blairsville,pa                40.27          79.09                         4              deep pink      
chino,ca                      33.97          117.63                        4              deep pink      
longview,tx                   32.38          94.72                         4              deep pink      
alturas,ca                    41.48          120.53                        4              deep pink      
albert lea,mn                 43.68          93.37                         4              cyan           
napa,ca                       38.22          122.28                        4              deep pink      
glasgow,mt                    48.22          106.62                        4              gold           
moody afb,ga                  30.97          83.2                          4              deep pink      
lincoln muni,ne               40.85          96.75                         4              gold           
moses lake,wa                 47.2           119.32                        4              cyan           
portland,or                   45.6           122.6          566143         8              purple         
altus afb,ok                  34.67          99.27                         4              gold           
san francisco,ca              37.62          122.38         815358         9              deep pink      
tyndall afb,fl                30.07          85.58                         4              purple         
springdale,ar                 36.18          94.13                         4              cyan           
saranac lk,ny                 44.38          74.2                          4              purple         
china lake,ca                 35.68          117.68                        4              deep pink      
denver,co                     39.75          104.87         610345         8              deep pink      
gulfport,ms                   30.4           89.07                         4              purple         
moline/quad,il                41.45          90.52                         4              cyan           
jacksonville,nc               34.82          77.62                         4              purple         
burley,id                     42.53          113.77                        4              deep pink      
sacramento,ca                 38.7           121.6          466676         8              deep pink      
ft myers,fl                   26.65          81.87                         4              purple         
marthas vine,ma               41.4           70.62                         4              cyan           
lexington,ky                  38.05          85.0           296545         7              deep pink      
pease afb,nh                  43.08          70.82                         4              gold           
san mateo,ca                  33.38          117.58                        4              deep pink      
whiteman afb,mo               38.73          93.55                         4              purple         
prescott,az                   34.65          112.43                        4              gold           
butte,mt                      45.95          112.5                         4              gold           
corpus chrst,tx               27.7           97.28                         4              deep pink      
gillette,wy                   44.35          105.53                        4              cyan           
columbia,sc                   33.95          81.12          129333         6              cyan           
austin,nv                     39.5           117.08                        4              cyan           
kalispell,mt                  48.3           114.27                        4              gold           
flint/bishop,mi               42.97          83.75                         4              deep pink      
gila bend,az                  33.55          113.17                        4              gold           
alamosa,co                    37.45          105.87                        4              deep pink      
allentown,pa                  40.65          75.43          107815         6              deep pink      
vance afb,ok                  36.33          97.92                         4              gold           
elkins,wv                     38.88          79.85                         4              gold           
selma,al                      32.34          86.99                         4              cyan           
natchez,ms                    31.62          91.25                         4              purple         
louisville,ky                 38.18          85.73          566503         8              deep pink      
el paso,tx                    31.8           106.4          620456         8              deep pink      
erie,pa                       42.08          80.18          103571         6              deep pink      
cuba awrs,nm                  36.02          106.95                        4              cyan           
benton harbor,mi              42.13          86.43                         4              deep pink      
valentine,ne                  42.87          100.55                        4              gold           
walla walla,wa                46.1           118.28                        4              cyan           
danbury,ct                    41.37          73.48                         4              deep pink      
manchester,nh                 42.93          71.43          109279         6              gold           
lamar,co                      38.12          102.6                         4              deep pink      
mccall,id                     44.88          116.1                         4              deep pink      
midland,tx                    31.95          102.18         108668         6              deep pink      
newport news,va               37.13          76.5           193172         6              cyan           
huron,sd                      44.38          98.22                         4              purple         
dansville,ny                  42.97          78.2                          4              purple         
san jose,ca                   37.37          121.92         964695         9              deep pink      
escanaba,mi                   45.73          87.08                         4              deep pink      
trinidad,co                   37.25          104.33                        4              deep pink      
del rio,tx                    29.37          100.92                        4              deep pink      
franklin,pa                   41.38          79.87                         4              deep pink      
pontiac,mi                    42.67          83.42                         4              deep pink      
taylorville,il                39.53          89.33                         4              cyan           
london,ky                     37.08          84.07                         4              deep pink      
aurora,or                     45.25          122.75                        4              purple         
charlotte,nc                  35.22          80.93          709441         8              purple         
patuxent,md                   38.28          76.4                          4              purple         
bluefield,wv                  37.3           81.22                         4              gold           
minot afb,nd                  48.42          101.35                        4              deep pink      
port angeles,wa               48.22          123.67                        4              cyan           
chatham,ma                    41.67          69.97                         4              cyan           
falls city,ne                 40.07          95.58                         4              gold           
truth or con,nm               33.23          107.27                        4              cyan           
brownsville,tx                25.9           97.43          176859         6              deep pink      
gainesville,fl                29.68          82.27          116616         6              purple         
pt arena,ca                   39.58          124.22                        4              deep pink      
grand rapids,mn               47.22          93.52                         4              cyan           
pittsburgh,pa                 40.5           80.22          311647         7              deep pink      
grand isle,la                 29.18          90.07                         4              gold           
grand rapids,mi               42.88          85.52          193710         6              deep pink      
dekalb,il                     41.93          88.72                         4              cyan           
mansfield,oh                  40.82          82.52                         4              cyan           
blytheville,ar                35.97          89.95                         4              cyan           
boston,ma                     42.37          71.03          645169         8              cyan           
limon,co                      39.18          103.7                         4              deep pink      
terre haute,in                39.45          87.3                          4              purple         
dover,de                      39.13          75.47                         4              cyan           
lawton,ok                     34.57          98.42                         4              gold           
houston,tx                    29.97          95.35          2257926        11             deep pink      
auburn,al                     32.67          85.44                         4              cyan           
pocatello,id                  42.92          112.6                         4              deep pink      
gary,in                       41.62          87.42                         4              purple         
los alamos,nm                 35.88          106.28                        4              cyan           
casper,wy                     42.92          106.47                        4              cyan           
eau claire,wi                 44.87          91.48                         4              gold           
merced,ca                     37.28          120.52                        4              deep pink      
redwood falls,mn              44.55          95.08                         4              cyan           
vandalia,il                   38.99          89.17                         4              cyan           
intl falls,mn                 48.57          93.38                         4              cyan           
bullfrog mar,ut               37.5           110.7                         4              purple         
killeen,tx                    31.08          97.68          119512         6              deep pink      
south brazos,tx               28.03          95.87                         4              deep pink      
wink,tx                       31.78          103.2                         4              deep pink      
st cloud,mn                   45.55          94.07                         4              cyan           
shelton,wa                    47.25          123.15                        4              cyan           
miami/opa,fl                  25.92          80.28                         4              purple         
montague,ca                   41.73          122.53                        4              deep pink      
st louis,mo                   38.75          90.37          356587         7              purple         
middletown,pa                 40.2           76.77                         4              deep pink      
madison,wi                    43.13          89.33          235419         7              gold           
salem,or                      44.92          123.0          155469         6              purple         
litchfield,mn                 45.13          94.52                         4              cyan           
jamestown,ny                  42.15          79.25                         4              purple         
livermore,ca                  37.7           121.82                        4              deep pink      
santa maria,ca                34.9           120.45                        4              deep pink      
modesto,ca                    37.63          120.95         202743         7              deep pink      
bangor,me                     44.8           68.82                         4              purple         
apalachicola,fl               29.73          85.03                         4              purple         
crescent cty,ca               41.78          124.23                        4              deep pink      
burwell,ne                    41.78          99.15                         4              gold           
chicago/o'hare,il             41.98          87.9                          4              cyan           
mammoth lks,ca                37.63          118.92                        4              deep pink      
hancock,mi                    47.17          88.5                          4              deep pink      
bar harbor,me                 44.45          68.37                         4              purple         
birmingham,al                 33.57          86.75          230131         7              cyan           
reading,pa                    40.38          75.97                         4              deep pink      
eagle,co                      39.65          106.92                        4              deep pink      
craig-moffat,co               40.5           107.53                        4              deep pink      
intercoastal,la               29.73          92.12                         4              gold           
fayetteville,nc               35.0           78.88          198071         6              purple         
hibbing,mn                    47.38          92.85                         4              cyan           
waco-madison,tx               31.62          97.22                         4              deep pink      
evansville,in                 38.05          87.53          116584         6              purple         
cape cod can,ma               41.78          70.5                          4              cyan           
mcconnell af,ks               37.62          97.27                         4              cyan           
greenville,ms                 33.48          90.98                         4              purple         
quonset pt nas,ri             41.36          71.25                         4              purple         
eglin afb,fl                  30.48          86.53                         4              purple         
wichita,ks                    37.65          97.43          372186         7              cyan           
albuquerque,nm                35.05          106.6          529219         8              cyan           
salina,ks                     38.8           97.65                         4              cyan           
morgantown,wv                 39.65          79.92                         4              gold           
harlingen,tx                  26.23          97.67                         4              deep pink      
burlington,vt                 44.47          73.15                         4              deep pink      
orlando,fl                    28.55          81.33          235860         7              purple         
salisbury,md                  38.33          75.5                          4              purple         
park rapids,mn                46.9           95.07                         4              cyan           
ruskin,fl                     27.97          82.6                          4              purple         
greenville,me                 45.78          69.63                         4              purple         
pillaro pt,ca                 37.83          122.83                        4              deep pink      
lemoore nas,ca                36.33          119.95                        4              deep pink      
elko,nv                       40.83          115.78                        4              cyan           
dillon,mt                     45.25          112.55                        4              gold           
gooding,id                    43.0           115.17                        4              deep pink      
dayton,oh                     39.9           84.2           153843         6              cyan           
el centro,ca                  32.82          115.68                        4              deep pink      
brookings,or                  42.08          124.47                        4              purple         
beaufort mca,sc               32.48          80.72                         4              cyan           
carswell afb,tx               32.78          97.43                         4              deep pink      
barksdale,la                  32.5           93.67                         4              gold           
elk city,id                   45.82          115.43                        4              deep pink      
great falls,mt                47.48          111.37                        4              gold           
paso robles,ca                35.67          120.63                        4              deep pink      
copper harb,mi                47.47          87.85                         4              deep pink      
san carlos,ca                 37.52          122.25                        4              deep pink      
utica,ny                      43.15          75.38                         4              purple         
los angeles,ca                33.93          118.4          3831868        13             deep pink      
fort sill,ok                  34.65          98.4                          4              gold           
eureka,ca                     41.33          124.28                        4              deep pink      
enid,ok                       36.38          97.8                          4              gold           
wausau,wi                     44.92          89.62                         4              gold           
ogdensburg,ny                 44.68          75.4                          4              purple         
miles city,mt                 46.43          105.87                        4              gold           
cody,wy                       44.52          109.02                        4              cyan           
redding,ca                    40.5           122.3                         4              deep pink      
miramar nas,ca                32.87          117.15                        4              deep pink      
harlowton,mt                  46.43          109.83                        4              gold           
fergus falls,mn               46.3           96.07                         4              cyan           
camden,ar                     33.52          92.4                          4              cyan           
elkhart,in                    41.72          86.0                          4              purple         
washington/dulles,dc          38.95          77.46                         4              deep pink      
fort hunter,ca                36.0           121.32                        4              deep pink      
troutdale,or                  45.55          122.4                         4              purple         
rockford,il                   42.2           89.1           157280         6              cyan           
ponca city,ok                 36.73          97.1                          4              gold           
hyannis,ma                    41.67          70.28                         4              cyan           
cameron heli,la               29.78          93.3                          4              gold           
santa barbara,ca              34.43          119.83                        4              deep pink      
barnegat ls,nj                40.28          74.28                         4              gold           
baker,or                      44.83          117.82                        4              purple         
groton,ct                     41.33          72.05                         4              deep pink      
galesburg,il                  40.93          90.43                         4              cyan           
chadron,ne                    42.83          103.08                        4              gold           
sidney muni,ne                41.1           102.98                        4              gold           
san miguel,ca                 34.03          120.4                         4              deep pink      
yucca flat,nv                 37.58          116.08                        4              cyan           
bartlesville,ok               36.75          96.0                          4              gold           
melbourne,fl                  28.1           80.63                         4              purple         
fort myers,fl                 26.58          81.87                         4              purple         
wilmington,vt                 42.88          72.88                         4              deep pink      
muskogee,mo                   35.66          95.36                         4              purple         
battle creek,mi               42.3           85.23                         4              deep pink      
staunton,va                   38.27          78.85                         4              cyan           
south bend,in                 41.7           86.32          104215         6              purple         
port arthur,tx                30.58          94.02                         4              deep pink      
ottumwa,ia                    41.1           92.45                         4              deep pink      
tacoma,wa                     47.27          122.58         199638         6              cyan           
sheridan,wy                   44.77          106.97                        4              cyan           
williston,nd                  48.18          103.63                        4              deep pink      
jefferson city,mo             38.6           92.17                         4              purple         
bergstrom af,tx               30.2           97.68                         4              deep pink      
wilmington,de                 39.67          75.6                          4              cyan           
medicine ldg,ks               37.3           98.58                         4              cyan           
big sky,tx                    32.39          101.48                        4              deep pink      
safford awrs,az               32.82          109.68                        4              gold           
topeka/forbe,ks               38.95          95.67                         4              cyan           
montgomery,al                 32.3           86.4           202124         7              cyan           
houlton,me                    46.13          67.78                         4              purple         
gray afb,tx                   31.07          97.83                         4              deep pink      
greenwood,ms                  33.5           90.08                         4              purple         
thief river,mn                48.07          96.18                         4              cyan           
chanute,ks                    37.67          95.48                         4              cyan           
altoona,pa                    40.3           78.32                         4              deep pink      
grangeville,id                45.92          116.13                        4              deep pink      
boothville,la                 29.55          89.67                         4              gold           
bradford,pa                   41.8           78.63                         4              deep pink      
edwards afb,ca                34.9           117.88                        4              deep pink      
hawthorne,ca                  33.92          118.33                        4              deep pink      
manteo arpt,nc                35.92          75.68                         4              purple         
athens,ga                     33.95          83.32          114983         6              deep pink      
hot springs,nc                35.9           82.82                         4              purple         
randolph afb,tx               29.53          98.28                         4              deep pink      
fullerton,ca                  33.87          117.97         132620         6              deep pink      
ft campbell,ky                36.67          87.5                          4              deep pink      
luke,az                       33.53          112.38                        4              gold           
wright-pat afb,oh             39.83          84.05                         4              cyan           
bakersfield,ca                35.43          119.05         324463         7              deep pink      
bemidji muni,mn               47.5           94.93                         4              cyan           
burlington,wa                 48.5           122.33                        4              cyan           
cp girardeau,mo               37.23          89.58                         4              purple         
huntsville,al                 34.65          86.77          179652         6              cyan           
farmington,nm                 36.75          108.23                        4              cyan           
fort rucker,al                31.28          85.72                         4              cyan           
battle mtn,nv                 40.62          116.87                        4              cyan           
selfridge,mi                  42.62          82.83                         4              deep pink      
philadelphia,pa               39.88          75.25          1547297        10             deep pink      
cape canaveral,fl             28.47          80.55                         4              purple         
key west,fl                   24.55          81.75                         4              purple         
ely/yelland,nv                39.28          114.85                        4              cyan           
newport,vt                    45.55          72.33                         4              deep pink      
dobbins afb,ga                34.53          84.87                         4              deep pink      
dubuque,ia                    42.4           90.7                          4              deep pink      
williamsport,pa               41.25          76.92                         4              deep pink      
eugene is.,la                 28.47          91.78                         4              gold           
green river,ut                39.0           110.15                        4              purple         
alexandria,la                 31.38          92.3                          4              gold           
ft knox,ky                    37.9           85.97                         4              deep pink      
kansas city,mo                39.12          94.6           482299         8              purple         
ephrata,wa                    47.32          119.52                        4              cyan           
brunswick,me                  43.88          69.93                         4              purple         
dyess afb,tx                  32.43          99.85                         4              deep pink      
saint george,ut               37.08          113.6                         4              purple         
tofte,mn                      47.58          90.83                         4              cyan           
billings,mt                   45.8           108.53         105845         6              gold           
nasa shuttle,fl               28.62          80.68                         4              purple         
tooele,ut                     40.17          112.2                         4              purple         
mobile aeros,al               30.63          88.07                         4              cyan           
seattle/boeing,wa             47.53          122.3                         4              cyan           
lewiston,id                   46.38          117.02                        4              deep pink      
ontario intl,ca               34.05          117.62                        4              deep pink      
manhatten,ks                  39.15          96.67                         4              cyan           
meacham,or                    45.5           118.4                         4              purple         
mount shasta,ca               41.32          122.32                        4              deep pink      
ukiah,ca                      39.13          123.2                         4              deep pink      
columbus osu,oh               40.08          83.07                         4              cyan           
big bear apt,ca               34.27          116.68                        4              deep pink      
broadus,mt                    45.67          105.67                        4              gold           
mullen,ne                     42.05          101.05                        4              gold           
centralia,il                  38.51          89.09                         4              cyan           
davis-m afb,az                32.17          110.88                        4              gold           
santa ana,ca                  33.67          117.88         340338         7              deep pink      
ambrose,ny                    40.75          74.37                         4              purple         
saint paul,mn                 44.93          93.05          281253         7              cyan           
visalia,ca                    36.32          119.4          122111         6              deep pink      
johnson cnty,ks               38.82          94.88                         4              cyan           
egmont key,fl                 27.6           82.77                         4              purple         
concord,nh                    43.2           71.5                          4              gold           
dallas nas,tx                 32.73          96.97                         4              deep pink      
westfield,ma                  42.17          72.72                         4              cyan           
moffet nas,ca                 37.42          122.05                        4              deep pink      
westover,ma                   42.2           72.53                         4              cyan           
block island,ri               41.17          71.58                         4              purple         
roswell,nm                    33.3           104.53                        4              cyan           
westhampton,ny                40.85          72.63                         4              purple         
north omaha,ne                41.37          96.02                         4              gold           
state colleg,pa               40.85          77.83                         4              deep pink      
wenatchee,wa                  47.4           120.2                         4              cyan           
site r,pa                     39.73          77.43                         4              deep pink      
big piney,wy                  42.57          110.1                         4              cyan           
carlsbad,nm                   32.33          104.27                        4              cyan           
winslow,az                    35.02          110.73                        4              gold           
owyhee,nv                     42.58          116.17                        4              cyan           
kalamazoo,mi                  42.23          85.55                         4              deep pink      
spartanburg,sc                34.92          81.96                         4              cyan           
lufkin,tx                     31.23          94.75                         4              deep pink      
truckee-tahoe,ca              39.32          120.13                        4              deep pink      
berlin,nh                     44.58          71.18                         4              gold           
jamestown,nd                  46.92          98.68                         4              deep pink      
smyrna,tn                     36.0           86.5                          4              gold           
ind sprng rn,nv               36.57          115.67                        4              cyan           
toledo,wa                     46.48          122.8                         4              cyan           
englewood,co                  39.57          104.83                        4              deep pink      
plainview,tx                  34.17          101.71                        4              deep pink      
show low,az                   34.27          110.0                         4              gold           
wendover,ut                   41.22          114.05                        4              purple         
bishop,ca                     37.6           118.6                         4              deep pink      
champaign/urbana,il           40.03          88.28                         4              cyan           
tampa intl,fl                 27.97          82.53                         4              purple         
sun valley,id                 43.5           114.3                         4              deep pink      
rapid city,sd                 44.05          103.07                        4              purple         
pine bluff,ar                 34.17          91.93                         4              cyan           
raleigh-durh,nc               35.87          78.78                         4              purple         
salinas,ca                    36.67          121.6          144278         6              deep pink      
kerrville,tx                  29.98          99.08                         4              deep pink      
harrisburg,pa                 40.37          77.42                         4              deep pink      
new york,ny                   40.77          73.98          8391881        17             purple         
manistee,mi                   44.27          86.25                         4              deep pink      
ft stewart,ga                 31.88          81.57                         4              deep pink      
detroit laks,mn               46.82          95.88                         4              cyan           
high is,la                    28.22          93.75                         4              gold           
fort polk,la                  31.05          93.2                          4              gold           
astor nas,fl                  29.12          81.57                         4              purple         
chicago/meigs,il              41.87          87.62                         4              cyan           
lidgerwood,nd                 46.1           97.15                         4              deep pink      
burlington,ia                 40.78          91.12                         4              deep pink      
quincy,il                     39.93          91.2                          4              cyan           
wilkes-barre,pa               41.33          75.73                         4              deep pink      
cecil,fl                      30.22          81.88                         4              purple         
florence,sc                   34.18          79.72                         4              cyan           
marshall arpt,mn              44.45          95.82                         4              cyan           
bozeman,mt                    45.78          111.15                        4              gold           
bridgeport,ct                 41.17          73.13          137298         6              deep pink      
richards-geb,mo               38.85          94.55                         4              purple         
jonesboro,ar                  35.83          90.65                         4              cyan           
miami intl,fl                 25.82          80.28                         4              purple         
mayport nas,fl                30.4           81.42                         4              purple         
greeley-wld,co                40.43          104.63                        4              deep pink      
appleton,wi                   44.25          88.52                         4              gold           
s marsh isl,la                28.3           91.98                         4              gold           
houma,la                      29.57          90.65                         4              gold           
yellowstone,wy                44.55          110.42                        4              cyan           
mccook,ne                     40.22          100.58                        4              gold           
reno,nv                       39.5           119.78         219636         7              cyan           
ontario,or                    44.02          117.02                        4              purple         
coeur d'alene,id              47.77          116.82                        4              deep pink      
glendive,mt                   47.13          104.8                         4              gold           
hurlburt fld,fl               30.43          86.68                         4              purple         
jackson,wy                    43.6           110.73                        4              cyan           
wolfeboro,nh                  44.0           71.38                         4              gold           
harbor beach,mi               43.83          82.53                         4              deep pink      
marysville,ca                 39.1           121.57                        4              deep pink      
coopersville,mi               43.07          85.95                         4              deep pink      
atlanta/dklb,ga               33.88          84.3                          4              deep pink      
hagerstown,md                 39.7           77.72                         4              purple         
beverly,ma                    42.58          70.92                         4              cyan           
poplar bluff,mo               36.77          90.47                         4              purple         
mather afb,ca                 38.57          121.3                         4              deep pink      
kingsville,tx                 27.5           97.82                         4              deep pink      
paducah,ky                    37.07          88.77                         4              deep pink      
o'neill,ne                    42.47          98.68                         4              gold           
estherville,ia                43.4           94.75                         4              deep pink      
bradford,il                   41.16          89.6                          4              cyan           
astoria,or                    46.15          123.88                        4              purple         
watertown,sd                  44.92          97.15                         4              purple         
bloomington,in                39.13          86.62                         4              purple         
bloomington,il                40.48          88.93                         4              cyan           
fraser,co                     39.57          105.5                         4              deep pink      
fort meade,md                 39.08          76.77                         4              purple         
baton rouge,la                30.53          91.15          225388         7              gold           
mattoon,il                    39.48          88.28                         4              cyan           
pellston,mi                   45.57          84.8                          4              deep pink      
campo,ca                      32.62          116.47                        4              deep pink      
new iberia,la                 30.03          91.88                         4              gold           
grand island,ne               40.97          98.32                         4              gold           
asheville,nc                  35.43          82.55                         4              purple         
pt piedras,ca                 36.12          121.47                        4              deep pink      
fort ord,ca                   36.68          121.77                        4              deep pink      
bicycle lk,ca                 35.28          116.62                        4              deep pink      
traverse cty,mi               44.73          85.58                         4              deep pink      
chicago,il                    41.9           87.65          2851268        12             cyan           
twenty9 palm,ca               34.28          116.15                        4              deep pink      
imperial,ca                   32.83          115.57                        4              deep pink      
price/carbon,ut               39.62          110.75                        4              purple         
idaho falls,id                43.52          112.07                        4              deep pink      
sexton,or                     42.62          123.37                        4              purple         
new york/jfk,ny               40.65          73.78                         4              purple         
monterey,ca                   36.58          121.85                        4              deep pink      
spickard,mo                   40.25          93.72                         4              purple         
delta,ut                      39.33          112.58                        4              purple         
watertown,ny                  44.0           76.02                         4              purple         
everet/paine,wa               47.92          122.28                        4              cyan           
temple,tx                     31.15          97.42                         4              deep pink      
monticello,ny                 41.7           74.8                          4              purple         
winnemucca,nv                 40.9           117.8                         4              cyan           
st johnsbury,vt               44.42          72.02                         4              deep pink      
la crosse,wi                  43.87          91.25                         4              gold           
millville,nj                  39.37          75.07                         4              gold           
daytona bch,fl                29.18          81.05                         4              purple         
winston-salem,nc              36.13          80.23          229828         7              purple         
duke fld,fl                   30.65          86.52                         4              purple         
myrtle beach,sc               33.68          78.93                         4              cyan           
lakeland,fl                   28.03          81.95                         4              purple         
st joseph,mo                  40.28          95.53                         4              purple         
olympia,wa                    46.97          122.9                         4              cyan           
fort devens,ma                42.57          71.6                          4              cyan           
canton,oh                     40.92          81.43                         4              cyan           
duluth,mn                     46.83          92.18                         4              cyan           
waterloo mun,ia               42.55          92.4                          4              deep pink      
rocky mt,nc                   35.85          77.88                         4              purple         
jacksonville,fl               30.23          81.68          813518         9              purple         
lewiston,mt                   47.05          109.45                        4              gold           
la verne,ca                   34.1           117.78                        4              deep pink      
macdill afb,fl                27.85          82.52                         4              purple         
richmond,va                   37.5           77.33          204451         7              cyan           
mount vernon,il               38.32          88.86                         4              cyan           
williams afb,az               33.3           111.67                        4              gold           
mount wilson,ca               34.23          118.07                        4              deep pink      
drummond,mt                   46.67          113.15                        4              gold           
fargo,nd                      46.9           96.8                          4              deep pink      
dallas/redbr,tx               32.68          96.87                         4              deep pink      
sioux falls,sd                43.58          96.73          158008         6              purple         
peoria,il                     40.67          89.68          115520         6              cyan           
wheeling,wv                   40.18          80.65                         4              gold           
concordia,ks                  39.55          97.65                         4              cyan           
windsor loc,ct                41.93          72.68                         4              deep pink      
lafayette,la                  30.2           92.0           114915         6              gold           
lone rock,wi                  43.2           90.18                         4              gold           
hoquiam,wa                    46.97          123.97                        4              cyan           
ft lauderdale,fl              26.07          80.15                         4              purple         
laredo intl,tx                27.53          99.47                         4              deep pink      
mercury,nv                    36.62          116.02                        4              cyan           
jackson,ky                    37.6           83.32                         4              deep pink      
fort drum,ny                  44.05          75.73                         4              purple         
muir,pa                       40.43          76.57                         4              deep pink      
winter park,co                40.0           105.87                        4              deep pink      
hot springs,ar                34.48          93.1                          4              cyan           
langley afb,va                37.08          76.37                         4              cyan           
north is,ca                   32.7           117.2                         4              deep pink      
ainsworth,ne                  42.58          99.98                         4              gold           
chamberlain,sd                43.75          99.32                         4              purple         
devil's lake,nd               48.1           98.87                         4              deep pink      
topeka,ks                     39.07          95.62          124331         6              cyan           
broken bow,ne                 41.43          99.65                         4              gold           
norfolk,ne                    41.98          97.43                         4              gold           
holloman afb,nm               32.85          106.1                         4              cyan           
grand forks,nd                47.97          97.4                          4              deep pink      
fresno,ca                     36.77          119.72         479918         8              deep pink      
new bern,nc                   35.08          77.05                         4              purple         
san diego,ca                  32.82          116.97         1306300        10             deep pink      
pierre,sd                     44.38          100.28                        4              purple         
roanoke muni,va               37.32          79.97                         4              cyan           
seul choix,mi                 45.92          85.92                         4              deep pink      
las vegas,nm                  35.65          105.15                        4              cyan           
hill afb,ut                   41.12          111.97                        4              purple         
macon/lewis,ga                32.7           83.65                         4              deep pink      
islip,ny                      40.78          73.1                          4              purple         
wildhorse,nv                  41.33          116.25                        4              cyan           
milwaukee,wi                  43.12          88.05          605013         8              gold           
findlay,oh                    41.02          83.67                         4              cyan           
soda springs,id               42.65          111.58                        4              deep pink      
cozad,ne                      40.87          100.0                         4              gold           
imperial,ne                   40.53          101.63                        4              gold           
dothan,al                     31.32          85.45                         4              cyan           
dubois,pa                     41.18          78.9                          4              deep pink      
marquette,mi                  46.88          87.95                         4              deep pink      
offutt afb,ne                 41.12          95.92                         4              gold           
alpena,mi                     45.07          83.57                         4              deep pink      
pikeville,ky                  37.48          82.52                         4              deep pink      
columbus,ga                   32.52          84.93          190414         6              deep pink      
springfield,il                39.85          89.67          118033         6              cyan           
stockton,ca                   37.9           121.25         287578         7              deep pink      
seattle,wa                    47.45          122.3          616627         8              cyan           
palo alto,ca                  37.47          122.12                        4              deep pink      
buffalo,ny                    42.93          78.73          270240         7              purple         
washington/natl,dc            38.85          77.04                         4              deep pink      
tulsa,ok                      36.2           95.9           389625         7              gold           
martinsburg,wv                39.4           77.98                         4              gold           
tuscaloosa,al                 33.23          87.62                         4              cyan           
whiting fld,fl                30.72          87.02                         4              purple         
meridian nas,ms               32.55          88.57                         4              purple         
claiborne r,la                31.22          92.95                         4              gold           
s weymouth,ma                 42.15          70.93                         4              cyan           
ft smith,ar                   35.33          94.37                         4              cyan           
redig,sd                      45.16          103.32                        4              purple         
riverton,wy                   43.05          108.45                        4              cyan           
lewisburg,wv                  37.87          80.4                          4              gold           
spencer,ia                    43.17          95.15                         4              deep pink      
fort wayne,in                 41.0           85.2           255890         7              purple         
white plains,ny               41.07          73.72                         4              purple         
marseilles,il                 41.37          88.68                         4              cyan           
dallas/addis,tx               32.97          96.83                         4              deep pink      
albany,ny                     42.75          73.8                          4              purple         
charlottesvi,va               38.13          78.45                         4              cyan           
fort benning,ga               32.33          85.0                          4              deep pink      
douglas,wy                    42.75          105.38                        4              cyan           
norton afb,ca                 34.1           117.23                        4              deep pink      
clarksville,tn                36.62          87.42          124565         6              gold           
point mugu,ca                 34.12          119.12                        4              deep pink      
new river,nc                  34.7           77.43                         4              purple         
kearney,ne                    40.73          99.0                          4              gold           
pueblo,co                     38.28          104.52         104877         6              deep pink      
yakima,wa                     46.57          120.53                        4              cyan           
omaha/eppley,ne               41.3           95.9                          4              gold           
colo sprgs,co                 38.82          104.72                        4              deep pink      
fort bragg,nc                 35.13          78.93                         4              purple         
atlantic cty,nj               39.45          74.57                         4              gold           
valdosta,ga                   30.78          83.28                         4              deep pink      
cleveland,oh                  41.42          81.87          431369         7              cyan           
cotulla,tx                    28.45          99.22                         4              deep pink      
mcallen,tx                    26.18          98.23          132225         6              deep pink      
redmond,or                    44.27          121.15                        4              purple         
elizabeth,nc                  36.27          76.18                         4              purple         
bakalar af,in                 39.38          86.5                          4              purple         
rock springs,wy               41.6           109.07                        4              cyan           
sioux city,ia                 42.4           96.38                         4              deep pink      
galveston,tx                  29.27          94.87                         4              deep pink      
kingman,az                    35.27          113.95                        4              gold           
ellsworth af,sd               44.15          103.1                         4              purple         
quillayute,wa                 47.95          124.55                        4              cyan           
albany,ga                     31.53          84.18                         4              deep pink      
mineral wlls,tx               32.78          98.07                         4              deep pink      
lancaster,pa                  40.13          76.3                          4              deep pink      
hillsboro,or                  45.53          122.95                        4              purple         
warroad,mn                    48.93          95.35                         4              cyan           
stephenville,tx               32.22          98.18                         4              deep pink      
victoria,tx                   28.85          96.92                         4              deep pink      
mitchell,sd                   43.77          98.03                         4              purple         
montrose,co                   38.5           107.88                        4              deep pink      
plattsburgh,ny                44.65          73.47                         4              purple         
stillwater,ok                 36.16          97.09                         4              gold           
cheyenne,wy                   41.15          104.82                        4              cyan           
andrews afb,md                38.82          76.87                         4              purple         
amarillo,tx                   35.23          101.7          189392         6              deep pink      
ft leonard,mo                 37.75          92.13                         4              purple         
spokane,wa                    47.67          117.33         203268         7              cyan           
ft col/lovel,co               40.45          105.02                        4              deep pink      
beale afb,ca                  39.13          121.45                        4              deep pink      
hastings,ne                   40.6           98.43                         4              gold           
alexandria,mn                 45.87          95.38                         4              cyan           
houston/hobby,tx              29.65          95.28                         4              deep pink      
jordan,mt                     47.33          106.93                        4              gold           
lake tahoe,ca                 38.9           120.0                         4              deep pink      
childress,tx                  34.43          100.28                        4              deep pink      
minneapolis,mn                44.88          93.22          385378         7              cyan           
portland,me                   43.65          70.32                         4              purple         
stlouis/spirit,mo             38.65          90.63                         4              purple         
colville,wa                   48.88          118.47                        4              cyan           
charleston,wv                 38.37          81.6                          4              gold           
hutchinson,ks                 38.07          97.87                         4              cyan           
keesler afb,ms                30.42          88.92                         4              purple         
southern pin,nc               35.24          79.39                         4              purple         
provo,ut                      40.22          111.72         119775         6              purple         
titusville,fl                 28.52          80.8                          4              purple         
rumford,me                    44.88          70.88                         4              purple         
white sulph,wv                37.46          80.2                          4              gold           
imperial bch,ca               32.57          117.12                        4              deep pink      
pasco,wa                      46.27          119.12                        4              cyan           
leadville,co                  39.25          106.3                         4              deep pink      
van nuys,ca                   34.22          118.48                        4              deep pink      
newburgh,ny                   41.5           74.1                          4              purple         
toledo,oh                     41.6           83.8           316179         7              cyan           
march afb,ca                  33.88          117.27                        4              deep pink      
hill city,ks                  39.38          99.83                         4              cyan           
columbia,mo                   38.82          92.22          102324         6              purple         
grissom afb,in                40.65          86.15                         4              purple         
bismarck,nd                   46.77          100.75                        4              deep pink      
ironwood,mi                   46.53          90.13                         4              deep pink      
worcester,ma                  42.27          71.87          182882         6              cyan           
ord/sharp,ne                  41.62          98.95                         4              gold           
savannah mun,ga               32.13          81.2                          4              deep pink      
susanville,ca                 40.63          120.95                        4              deep pink      
scottsbluff,ne                41.87          103.6                         4              gold           
burbank,ca                    34.2           118.37         103121         6              deep pink      
norfolk rgnl,va               36.9           76.2                          4              cyan           
page,ok                       34.68          94.62                         4              gold           
saginaw,mi                    43.53          84.08                         4              deep pink      
monroe,la                     32.52          92.05                         4              gold           
robins afb,ga                 32.63          83.6                          4              deep pink      
eugene,or                     44.12          123.22         153272         6              purple         
rifle,co                      39.53          107.8                         4              deep pink      
patrick afb,fl                28.23          80.6                          4              purple         
fort lewis,wa                 47.08          122.58                        4              cyan           
w yellowston,mt               44.68          111.12                        4              gold           
pensacola,fl                  30.47          87.2                          4              purple         
el toro,ca                    33.67          117.73                        4              deep pink      
griffiss afb,ny               43.23          75.4                          4              purple         
marion,il                     37.75          89.0                          4              cyan           
daggett,ca                    34.87          116.78                        4              deep pink      
corvallis,or                  44.5           123.28                        4              purple         
liberal,ks                    37.05          100.97                        4              cyan           
dodge city,ks                 37.77          99.97                         4              cyan           
lansing,mi                    42.77          84.6           113802         6              deep pink      
mcalester,ok                  34.88          95.78                         4              gold           
santa rosa,ca                 38.52          122.82         157468         6              deep pink      
santa fe,nm                   35.62          106.08                        4              cyan           
beatrice,ne                   40.32          96.75                         4              gold           
panama city,fl                30.2           85.68                         4              purple         
bedford,ma                    42.47          71.28                         4              cyan           
concord,ca                    37.98          122.05         126752         6              deep pink      
memphis intl,tn               35.05          90.0                          4              gold           
sidney,mt                     47.72          104.18                        4              gold           
alliance,ne                   42.05          102.8                         4              gold           
clayton arpt,nm               36.45          103.15                        4              cyan           
keene,nh                      42.9           72.27                         4              gold           
beckley,wv                    37.78          81.12                         4              gold           
fort carson,co                38.68          104.77                        4              deep pink      
helena,mt                     46.6           112.0                         4              gold           
phoenix,az                    33.43          112.02         1593659        10             gold           
alton,il                      38.88          90.05                         4              cyan           
greenville,tx                 33.07          96.07                         4              deep pink      
santa monica,ca               34.02          118.45                        4              deep pink      
vernal,ut                     40.45          109.52                        4              purple         
nantucket,ma                  41.25          70.07                         4              cyan           
dallas/fw,tx                  32.9           97.03                         4              deep pink      
anniston,al                   33.58          85.85                         4              cyan           
whidbey is,wa                 48.35          122.65                        4              cyan           
newport,or                    44.63          124.05                        4              purple         
renton,wa                     47.5           122.22                        4              cyan           
farmingdale,ny                40.73          73.43                         4              purple         
cannon,nm                     34.38          103.32                        4              cyan           
hanford,wa                    46.57          119.6                         4              cyan           
la grande,or                  45.28          118.0                         4              purple         
saint peters,fl               27.92          82.68                         4              purple         
long beach,ca                 33.82          118.15         462604         8              deep pink      
cape hattera,nc               35.27          75.55                         4              purple         
nellis afb,nv                 36.23          115.03                        4              cyan           
laughlin afb,tx               29.37          100.78                        4              deep pink      
indianapolis,in               39.73          86.27          807584         9              purple         
ogden,ut                      41.18          112.02                        4              purple         
akron,co                      40.17          103.22                        4              deep pink      
taos,nm                       36.42          105.57                        4              cyan           
new orleans,la                30.03          90.03          354850         7              gold           
fort huachuc,az               31.6           110.35                        4              gold           
san angelo,tx                 31.37          100.5                         4              deep pink      
ardmore,ok                    34.3           97.02                         4              gold           
springfield,mo                37.23          93.38          157630         6              purple         
binghamton,ny                 42.22          75.98                         4              purple         
alma,ga                       31.53          82.52                         4              deep pink      
laconia,nh                    43.57          71.43                         4              gold           
castle afb,ca                 37.38          120.57                        4              deep pink      
cortez,co                     37.3           108.63                        4              deep pink      
cherry point,nc               34.9           76.88                         4              purple         
mankato,mn                    44.22          93.92                         4              cyan           
houghton lake,mi              44.37          84.68                         4              deep pink      
douglas,az                    31.45          109.6                         4              gold           
la grange,ga                  33.01          85.07                         4              deep pink      
west plains,mo                36.88          91.9                          4              purple         
marfa,tx                      30.37          104.02                        4              deep pink      
yuma,az                       33.1           115.0                         4              gold           
aurora,il                     41.77          88.32          172950         6              cyan           
caliente,nv                   37.62          114.52                        4              cyan           
slidel,la                     30.35          89.82                         4              gold           
harrison,ar                   36.27          93.15                         4              cyan           
norwood,ma                    42.18          71.18                         4              cyan           
volk fld,wi                   43.93          90.27                         4              gold           
elmira,ny                     42.17          76.9                          4              purple         
superior val,ca               35.33          117.1                         4              deep pink      
owensboro,ky                  37.75          87.17                         4              deep pink      
alameda nas,ca                37.78          122.32                        4              deep pink      
mobile,al                     30.68          88.25          193205         6              cyan           
kankakee,il                   41.07          87.85                         4              cyan           
willoughby,oh                 41.63          81.4                          4              cyan           
lake charles,la               30.12          93.22                         4              gold           
cincinnati,oh                 39.1           84.43          333012         7              cyan           
norman,ok                     35.23          97.47          109062         6              gold           
dalhart,tx                    36.02          102.55                        4              deep pink      
willow grove,pa               40.2           75.15                         4              deep pink      
new london,ct                 41.3           72.08                         4              deep pink      
tucumcari,nm                  35.18          103.6                         4              cyan           
reese afb,tx                  33.6           102.05                        4              deep pink      
malta,id                      42.3           113.37                        4              deep pink      
seymour-john,nc               35.33          77.97                         4              purple         
clarksburg,wv                 39.28          80.23                         4              gold           
hickory,nc                    35.75          81.38                         4              purple         
wichita flls,tx               33.98          98.5                          4              deep pink      
wilmington,nc                 34.27          77.92          101350         6              purple         
muncie,in                     40.23          85.38                         4              purple         
scott afb,il                  38.55          89.85                         4              cyan           
fairchild,wa                  47.62          117.65                        4              cyan           
augusta/bush,ga               33.37          81.97                         4              deep pink      
blythe,ca                     33.62          114.72                        4              deep pink      
carbondale,il                 37.78          89.25                         4              cyan           
san nic isl,ca                33.25          119.45                        4              deep pink      
schenectady,ny                42.85          73.93                         4              purple         
w lafayette,in                40.42          86.93                         4              purple         
glenview nas,il               42.08          87.82                         4              cyan           
laurel,ms                     31.67          89.17                         4              purple         
bristol,tn                    36.48          82.4                          4              gold           
fallon nas,nv                 39.42          118.7                         4              cyan           
deer valley,az                33.68          112.08                        4              gold           
tallahassee,fl                30.38          84.37          172574         6              purple         
waycross,ga                   31.25          82.4                          4              deep pink      
wallops sta,va                37.85          75.48                         4              cyan           
diamond sho,nc                35.25          75.5                          4              purple         
sterling,il                   41.74          89.67                         4              cyan           
scottsdale,az                 33.62          111.92         237844         7              gold           
las cruces,nm                 32.3           106.77                        4              cyan           
los alamitos,ca               33.78          118.05                        4              deep pink      
decatur,il                    39.83          88.87                         4              cyan           
fort eustis,va                37.13          76.62                         4              cyan           
charleston,sc                 32.9           80.03          115638         6              cyan           
goodland,ks                   39.37          101.7                         4              cyan           
fairfield,nj                  40.87          74.28                         4              gold           
mcchord afb,wa                47.15          122.48                        4              cyan           
macomb,il                     40.52          90.66                         4              cyan           
burns arpt,or                 43.6           118.95                        4              purple         
fort dodge,ia                 42.55          94.18                         4              deep pink      
chippewa,mi                   46.25          84.47                         4              deep pink      
augusta,me                    44.32          69.8                          4              purple         
cut bank,mt                   48.6           112.37                        4              gold           
dare co gr,nc                 36.13          76.5                          4              purple         
alice,tx                      27.73          98.03                         4              deep pink      
newark intl,nj                40.7           74.17                         4              gold           
poughkeepsie,ny               41.63          73.88                         4              purple         
rhinelander,wi                45.63          89.45                         4              gold           
omak,wa                       48.42          119.53                        4              cyan           
chicago/midway,il             41.78          87.75                         4              cyan           
san antonio,tx                29.33          98.47          1373668        10             deep pink      
oneonta,ny                    42.87          75.12                         4              purple         
logan,ut                      41.78          111.85                        4              purple         
providence,ri                 41.73          71.43          171909         6              purple         
lakehurst,nj                  40.03          74.35                         4              gold           
hattiesburg,ms                31.47          89.33                         4              purple         
rochester,ny                  43.12          77.67          207294         7              purple         
detroit,mi                    42.23          83.33          910921         9              deep pink      
livingston,mt                 45.7           110.43                        4              gold           
san clemente,ca               33.02          118.58                        4              deep pink      
nth kingston,ri               41.6           71.42                         4              purple         
columbus,oh                   40.0           82.88          769332         8              cyan           
northrup str,nm               32.9           106.4                         4              cyan           
homestead,fl                  25.48          80.38                         4              purple         
mcclellan,ca                  38.67          121.4                         4              deep pink      
dyersburg,tn                  36.02          89.4                          4              gold           
hayward,ca                    37.65          122.12         144291         6              deep pink      
junction,tx                   30.5           99.77                         4              deep pink      
lamoni,ia                     40.62          93.93                         4              deep pink      
montpelier,vt                 44.2           72.57                         4              deep pink      
lovelock,nv                   40.1           118.92                        4              cyan           
dugway prvgr,ut               40.2           112.93                        4              purple         
d.w. hooks,tx                 30.07          95.55                         4              deep pink      
grand canyon,az               35.95          112.15                        4              gold           
ft hood aaf,tx                31.15          97.72                         4              deep pink      
pope afb,nc                   35.17          79.02                         4              purple         
columbus afb,ms               33.65          88.45                         4              purple         
eagle range,ut                41.05          113.07                        4              purple         
kinston,nc                    35.32          77.63                         4              purple         
nth myrtle b,sc               33.82          78.72                         4              cyan           
mcguire afb,nj                40.02          74.6                          4              gold           
mason city,ia                 43.15          93.33                         4              deep pink      
morristown,nj                 40.8           74.42                         4              gold           
shreveport,la                 32.47          93.82          199244         6              gold           
philipsburg,pa                41.47          78.13                         4              deep pink      
danville,il                   40.2           87.6                          4              cyan           
avon park g,fl                28.08          81.55                         4              purple         
dickenson,nd                  46.78          102.8                         4              deep pink      
elkhart,ks                    37.0           101.88                        4              cyan           
rochester,mn                  43.92          92.5           103486         6              cyan           
mullan,id                     47.47          115.8                         4              deep pink      
durango,co                    37.15          107.75                        4              deep pink      
socorro,nm                    34.07          106.9                         4              cyan           
ellington af,tx               29.62          95.17                         4              deep pink      
greensboro,nc                 36.08          79.95          255124         7              purple         
baltimore,md                  39.33          76.42          637418         8              purple         
bellingham,wa                 48.8           122.53                        4              cyan           
crossville,tn                 35.95          85.08                         4              gold           
cedar city,ut                 37.7           113.1                         4              purple         
atlanta,ga                    33.65          84.42          540922         8              deep pink      
youngstown,oh                 41.27          80.67                         4              cyan           
falcon fld,az                 33.47          111.73                        4              gold           
worthington,mn                43.65          95.58                         4              cyan           
little rock,ar                34.83          92.25          191933         6              cyan           
neenah,wi                     44.22          88.53                         4              gold           
